Problems show up every now and then. When you're on active duty, so it
kind of depends on whether you're deployed or not. If you're deployed,
that means things happen, you know, with any mechanical equipment.
So, pumps could break in the middle of the night and then you get
waken up and, you know, you have to go fix it. Sometimes you have people
that come in drunk, on the weekends and when we were in port,
so you'd have to make sure that, like, to get to their bed safely and
that they get disciplined later on. Things like that happen on deployment.
When you are not deployed, then you still hear the drunk people
coming in, you know, but because you're not, the ship isn't being
used over and over and over every single day in and out, problems
with the equipment doesn't happen as much. So, you just do preventive
maintenance, which means that even though this pump looks fine, you're
just going to open it up and check to make sure that the oil is
there, and you know, that is at the right temperature and shut it.
So, a lot easier time.